1. Your adventurer must have a name and introduction
    Frodo
    
2. keep track of how many trinkets they have collected
    Members of the fellowship

3. keep track of their personal resource
    time remaining to wear the ring  without being overtaken by Sauron
    
4. a personal resource that you can reduce when "attacking"
    Enemies: Nazgul (Ringwraiths), Orcs, Uruk-hai, goblins, trolls, dragons, wolves, The Wolves of Isengard
    
5. Your adventurer must progress towards something in
a 'straight line' (no mazes), no more than 10
steps/moves/transitions/time slices away from the start.
     Progress toward Mordor/Mount Doom
     Steps (decisions) along the way:
         1. "You have just learned you have Sauron's ring in your possession. Do you leave the Shire and head to Mount Doom to destroy the ring?"
         2.
         3.
         4.
         5.
         6.
         7.
         8.
         9.
         10.

6. With each step of progress, it must be possible for the
adventurer to collect some amount of your chosen random trinket,
or be attacked. Other things can happen as well, but those two
must be possible.
    - Collect additional members to the Fellowship of the Ring
        - Gandalf the Grey, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Aragorn,
          Legolas, Gimli, Boromir, Gollum
    - Attacked by: list of enemies above

7. There must be at least three possible enemies you encounter.
You should be using some element of random chance so it is
possible that on a particular play of the game we might not
encounter one or more of the enemies, but there should be at
least three possibilities.
    List above

8. The game must end. It cannot be infinite. Your adventurer
may make it to the goal or not make it to the goal, but the
game must end at some point without errors (i.e., no Exceptions
from Python to end the game).

9. Once the game is over, you must at least output the total
number of your chosen trinkets the adventurer collected and
the final amount of their personal resource. You can output
other things as well as they are relevant to your adventure
game, but trinket count and personal resource amount are required.
        